# PCC – Processador de Cálculo Compilável
The PCC – Processador de Cálculo Compilável  (something like Compilable Calculation Processor) started as a personal project, from my Computer Science course conclusion project (called TCC here in Brazil). The initial goal was giving the end user the condition of “to code” within an any application. The PCC intends to be an installable component in .NET applications, providing the application the condition that its user can write a code in Basic and execute it, just like the VBA of the Microsoft Office package.  
In its first version in 2013, PCC did not have all the Basic language implemented, but it was used professionally so that a Basic code, inside an initial Main function, could return a numerical values with a high degree of precision for mathematical equations with many decimal places. The aim was to give forestry engineers the ability to write their own calculation processes. 
This second version of the PCC is being completely rewritten, using a more didactic approach with less concern for performance. It is understood that there are much more professional tools for this purpose and the PCC aims to serve smaller applications, in which others developers can change the code in order to customize the compiler according to their interest. 
Therefore, in this second version, good programming practices are being applied, using DDD – Driven Domain Design, TDD – Test Driven Development, in addition to several features of the C# language, on the .NET Core platform. It was been essential using tests for frontend validations (Lexer, Parser, etc.) been can able to verify the code structure for each feature new implementation and executing infinite possibilities of applications and not just applications of a specific scientific area. 
I look forward to the collaboration of all those who are interested in this topic, through constructive criticism and new knowledge, together with other professionals and organizations who, like me, are passionate about this topic.
